mgmtsystem_manual/README.rst, before:

==========================
Management System - Manual
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmanagement--system-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/management-system/tree/12.0/mgmtsystem_manual
    :alt: OCA/management-system
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/management-system-12-0/management-system-12-0-mgmtsystem_manual
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/128/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a menu item "Documentation" and is a dependency of:

* document_page_environment_manual
* document_page_health_safety_manual
* mgmtsystem_quality.


**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

No installation required.

Configuration
=============

No configuration required.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* go to Management Systems > Documentation > Manuals
* Create a new page based on existing templates or create your own templates.

Changelog
=========


12.0.1.0.0 (2019-06-04)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] migration to 12.0.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/issues/new?body=module:%20mgmtsystem_manual%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Savoir-faire Linux

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Odoo SA <info@odoo.com>
* Savoir-faire Linux <support@savoirfairelinux.com>
* Gervais Naoussi <gervaisnaoussi@gmail.com>
* Eugen Don <eugen.don@don-systems.de>
* Jose Maria Alzaga <jose.alzaga@aselcis.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/management-system <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/tree/12.0/mgmtsystem_manual>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] mgmtsystem_manual: Migration to 13.0

mgmtsystem_manual/README.rst, after:

==========================
Management System - Manual
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmanagement--system-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/management-system/tree/13.0/mgmtsystem_manual
    :alt: OCA/management-system
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/management-system-13-0/management-system-13-0-mgmtsystem_manual
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/128/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a menu item "Documentation" and is a dependency of:

* document_page_environment_manual
* document_page_health_safety_manual
* mgmtsystem_quality.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

No installation required.

Configuration
=============

No configuration required.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* go to Management Systems > Documentation > Manuals
* Create a new page based on existing templates or create your own templates.

Changelog
=========


13.0.1.0.0 (2019-11-08)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] migration to 13.0.

12.0.1.0.0 (2019-06-04)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] migration to 12.0.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/issues/new?body=module:%20mgmtsystem_manual%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Savoir-faire Linux

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Odoo SA <info@odoo.com>
* Savoir-faire Linux <support@savoirfairelinux.com>
* Gervais Naoussi <gervaisnaoussi@gmail.com>
* Eugen Don <eugen.don@don-systems.de>
* Jose Maria Alzaga <jose.alzaga@aselcis.com>
* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Ernesto Tejeda

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/management-system <https://github.com/OCA/management-system/tree/13.0/mgmtsystem_manual>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
